[Music]
Hey, uh, yesterday or the day before yesterday you were
asking me to watch this utbh video
Okay, he says swear on your family if
necessary, that's how a psychopathic ex-girlfriend manipulates,
right? I mean, here utbh, uh, full on with
Lali and I told you, no, I'm not going to give my opinion. Eh, I
'm not going to react to utbh's video
because without seeing it I already know the opinion, nobody
asked you, but well, yes, they did ask for it.
Here they did ask for it,
several people asked for it, I think it was also on
Super Chana, but I said, look, uh, I'm not
going to do it because I already know the opinion,
and seriously, well, we have, uh,
suddenly a difference of opinion. But
because he doesn't like the people
that I like. And I don't like the ones he
knows, but of course, I asked you not to
watch it, you wizard,
but you're not in charge here. You're a
nobody. Let's see, uh, what happened? Well, what
happened is that he did
start watching a clip of mine of what
I think so of course here I'm going to go
here I'm going to see it do you want to browse the
internet safely and also
access all the content of your
favorite platforms like Netflix hbo
Max or Disney Plus cyberghost VPN And I do
n't know if you know but there is
content that is not available in your country
and with this trick you can
access all the content wherever you are I do
n't know if you know what a VPN is
but it is an extension that you put on your
internet with which it masks the IP and
apart from browsing completely safely and
anonymously without anyone being able to know who you
are and where you are it helps you access
some content that is
blocked in your country there are movies and
series on your favorite platforms that
are not available there are
television programs for example on mediaset
content that if you try to watch them outside
of Spain they have a geoblock that does not
allow you Well with cyberghost VPN that is
over Apart from being protected by
browsing anonymously you will be able to
access content from all over the
planet you will also have Total privacy
since it keeps your connection private and
protects your data ultra-fast speed
to eliminate the lake in any
online game with the  that you can enjoy live
streams without interruptions and as I
've already told you Freedom to access all the
content on the planet wherever and whenever
you want also Take advantage of a whole 83%
discount using the link I
left in the description of this video and
watch out because you can try Cyber ​​Ghost VPN
45 days without obligation and if you are not
convinced you ask for a refund and they will give you your
belly back So don't wait
any longer to protect your connection and improve
your internet experience run click
on the link in the description and take advantage of
this super Cyber ​​goost VPN to browse
completely free and secure we continue
with the video here send luares
exactly here I'm going to see it Of course
if he has also started to watch a clip
of a stalker eh from a harassment account
that is like uncle Do you know Not even if that
clip will be good or not Daniel a kiss
handsome you don't even know if that click
will be well cut or not cut if it
will say the same or not it will say the same
now we will see not that I do not know what
a cubata is man it scares fear and there is
one thing is that I have seen this before I do not
want to launch I do not want to hate
Javi oliveira  or anything like that but it's
a cot hate Javi Oliveira or anything like that
but it's a Wilson kid, I
mean, you know, see Wilson, I mean,
Wilson is an account of a person who
previously in the past became obsessed
with me, uh, he dedicated his [ __ ] life to me, he
was stalking me, okay, the moment I
faced this, yeah, uh I think I'll
do this live on telesalseo I don't
know if I'll do it on telesalseo or here, okay, I
mean, I don't know if I should do it here because
Wilson's story is a story that
also happened here, uh, I mean, he's a
person from the past who, well, he
stalks you, he stalks you, he stalks you and when you
confront him, no, when you finally pay attention to him, he cries, he
cries and he's a victim and I don't
know what, so he went back to the internet, he
lost contact with everyone,
although his own friends already know that
he's on the internet, somehow,
okay, Wilson's story is a
tremendous story, okay, Wilson's story is a
tremendous story, when I tell you about it
in detail and say Pin Pin Pin
Pin but come on, he's a stalker, he's a
stalker but very careful, I mean, the
guy has The guy has been
obsessed with me for years and now since he doesn't
want to do it with his face, okay, since he doesn't
have the balls to do it with his face, he
creates an email account, he creates a
Twitter account to harass because what you
are is a stalker Because look,
now I'm going to disagree with utbh
and I don't care I do it with my face
just like he's going to criticize me No, he
does it with his face, it's not that I
expose gossip no no no it's that I talk about
no no you your account is dedicated to
jabi oliveira Because you have an obsession
because in the past you didn't have the balls
okay And I left you as what you are and now you
're a stalker that's what you are
you understand That's what you are a
stalker you understand me It's not that I do it
from here because I no no no no no you don't
put hypocrisy or contradictions
nor are you a vigilante no no you're not a
stalker Why don't you do it egg
because because you're ashamed that
people  recognize you on the street and that you
are this this is an account for This is worth it
And then cuts the clip manipulating that I'm going to
see the clip because maybe the
clip doesn't even mean what I said here
voting on something that says in fact right
now all those accounts are
watching the live No no that is Full HD
every day whether the live at 3 in
the afternoon at 3 in the morning It's always like this
eh it's always like this By the way I would
like to see what Gibel did with the
canine No, in the end she blocked the account
and we didn't see it I don't know if there is
something in it in this video and that I
would like I would like to make a
clarification about it hab justice
super slow I don't even know if
Ricky has already received the complaint
and she ends up confirming that there was a
sect but that she was not conscious
at that moment to put it into context a little
we are talking about the day
before everything that happened on
Twitter she realizes that having
happened without her remembering
details of any of this means that she has
been abused and when the first thing she
accepts that having happened without her
remembering details  and so on accepts that it has been
abuse one thing is not
remembering details and another thing is
not remembering that you slept with a
guy okay Wilson that seems disgusting to me it
seems disgusting because surely if
you eh Suddenly you were seeing that the
same thing is being explained by Dallas Hey
an unconscious girl I don't know you would say that
Dallas is slandering Okay but since
this is the situation And these are the
papers and this is the side that is
talking well you are going to
justify that okay Ricky doesn't believe
the girlfriend never comes to the girlfriend
making up an abuse or he makes it up
later Ricky doesn't believe the girlfriend okay
the girlfriend comes to him making up an excuse for
infidelity the girlfriend comes to him when he
catches their conversations after
taking her cell phone search it the girlfriend
tells him no it's that I was very drunk it's that I was
going to be high on drugs it's that
not whatever you want Okay but she didn't
tell him I was raped she didn't tell him I was
abused It's not that I don't remember It's that
I was very drunk that I don't know what I don't know
how much It's not that  I don't remember any
details, any details, okay, it was a
lie, the girl, the girl was lying, she
was lying because he
caught her with the ice cream cart.
What the [ __ ]? It's not that he told me. No, no, no, the
abuse thing, he made it up for him, okay, listen, that's
abuse and then he says it and she
accepts it, okay, she accepts it perfectly, it
comes to me like a [ __ ] [ __ ] that it's abuse,
okay, but he doesn't believe her, he makes her put up
a thread, he blocks her from his social media and
deletes photos with them on Instagram,
okay, and not only that, he picks up
conversations between her and the guy
where she wants to meet up with
him again. How come she makes up a rape, she makes up
a rape and wants to meet
up with the guy again, we're stupid,
we're stupid, it makes sense, and also,
for ma hry, in this long tweet that
Ricky wrote the other day, he says at the
moment that before she
told me anything, I spoke to the guy, the
guy's testimony came to me, the
guy's version of events, I knew perfectly well that this
was conscious, so Sergio, why is he
making a video with a teaser
with her and a series and another video on
Twitter  saying that his girlfriend has been
abused, I don't care if she made it up,
he made it up, that it was a
mutual idea, that it was
an idea that they found because, hey,
because they saw a video of, I don't care
if she made it up or
she made it up, if he made it up, he made it up
but both of them by
mutual agreement falsely accused a
person because she was unfaithful to him and he did
n't believe her, didn't believe that it was abuse,
he started making that whole series of
videos saying that his
girlfriend had been raped, why? For self-esteem, for the
ego he has because he is not capable of
accepting that a girl has
cheated on him when she wants to, casapane.
He is famous, do you understand me? I mean, come on,
seriously, tell me, I personally believe that the one
who ASSUMES and sells it that way is him,
but it is not the same as your
partner coming to you and saying that he cheated on you with
the excuse of being super drunk, I lost my
mind, I don't know what, I didn't remember, I don't
know how much. Oh, it was abuse, abuse. It's that
the girl, let's not see.  and this I
think let's see I understand that Javi
Oliveira has a bf with Ricky edit
so I imagine that he interprets Yes you
are friends with Ricky eddit you go on a
trip with him and then you interpret what
you want the other to interpret if
we get into that everything that is
around Ricky eddit to try to
leave Ricky eddit in the worst possible place
No no no seriously no serious No
Ricky eddit blocked me for the first time and
he and Lali came to me at the time to arm
the 40 because I wasn't saying in
my videos what he wanted me to say
okay When I made a video that said
exclusive Ricky your girlfriend is
lying to you what was I saying in that
video Sergio the girlfriend has
conversations with friends where they
talk about lying to Ricky what
Ricky has said now I already told that
in that exclusive and don't see what I'm lied to
You have access to ask me
why didn't you ask me what I had
asked you about an exclusive that I have
already found out there  you understand
that they have confirmed to me there they
taught me to spend Ali's conversations and
audios what are you telling me
please let's see when you are
super caught and your partner comes who
has cheated on you and you want
answers because you are probably Eh
with a with anxiety and with a
terrible suffocation because I want answers what the
[ __ ] has happened and your partner starts
giving you excuses and excuses and changes the
version and in the end he tells you I was very
drugged he tells you I was very drugged I don't remember I don't
remember anything I only
remember that I kissed him I don't remember
anything of what happened I was very
drugged I was very drunk I was
unconscious I don't remember anything the other
person obviously what they are going to
tell you is Then they have abused you because
what you are narrating No Sergio no
Sergio no Sergio no no no no no it's not that
this is like that Sergio this is a
lie it's that he takes one of
Ali's conversations planning to meet up
with the guy again because he is
fully aware that he has
[ __ ] her Sergio this potato entered that house
that night that party
of those friends and entered  saying here I am I'm
free you can do whatever
you want to me no no no no it's that I was very
in love and no no no no no no forgive me
but no seriously forgive me but no because
if you are very in love and you think
your girlfriend has been raped you don't block her you don't
delete her photos on Instagram and you don't
make her put up a thread and you don't leave her in
Zaragoza alone you support her because you
think she has been raped but he didn't
believe that she had been raped he began to
believe that she had been raped when
Dallas made a video of him he was so
in love that he deleted the photos together
no no no man no that's
abuse If you say I'm not
aware that I'm sleeping with this
person this person was so high
so drunk that I don't remember what
happened to me what you're telling the
other is abuse And probably Riqui
Then he asks her So he sexually abused you
and she's the one to save
That's not that relationship but to
save That lie accepts that it was like
that but no Then you can't
interpret that it's Ricky who
made this up  Above all and I tell you this
with all the love in the world it doesn't
enter my [ __ ] head that you live in
a reality where what happened to coscu was an
abuse in all lights 100% because the girl
who went to kcu's house was drunk when
she had said that she liked to have
sex drunk and intoxicated she
had sex drunk
and then the next day
after having vomited all over the
house she said Uf buah I was very
drunk Yesterday I don't remember all this
mess that I made and you understand that
if I interpreted it as abuse without
equanum it can't be anything other than
sexual abuse when that girl
had gone to kosku's house to have
sex and had
explicitly told kosku I like to have
sex properly but
then when Ricky edil's girlfriend
told him she was going to go super drugged I don't remember
anything she was unconscious and the whole
thing and that Ricky from there
infers that this is sexual abuse he
interpreted it as not the one who
invented sexual abuse is  Ricky Eddie, I
mean, I don't think those two versions
can coexist in the same reality, or I'm
telling you the same thing but the other way around, I don't
believe that when Lali
tells you that you believe that it's abuse,
but when you have a photograph in which
a girl is unconscious, who
uncovers her for the photo and passes it to
his colleagues, then that doesn't seem like
abuse to you, Sergio, no. I mean, if you're
blaming me for consistency, no, I don't
understand how I think it's abuse or
not. No, I think it's abuse, it's not
abuse. I think, uh, what the
lawyer Pablo Franco says, who came here
among many other people. Okay,
basically, look up the definition of abuse.
Look up all of that, okay, and there are a series of,
apart from the photograph, there are a series of
statements in a live broadcast where the
girl wakes up and doesn't remember
having slept with coku koku, he's
telling her that the girl said to him, save
me, save me, and she grabbed his hands,
okay. I don't think it was
rape, I think that's what could
be considered abuse. Maybe it
could be a  abuse even
maybe if the girl wasn't conscious it
could be, trust yourself what happened
with the girl from Big Brother, the one from Big
Brother and the one from Big Brother, this one where they
convicted her abuser, okay, that
girl slept with the other
contestant every night and they slept
together every night, then
the abuser arrived, got into bed with her,
the girl had drunk that night, had
eaten little and the girl was
convicted of sexual abuse and it seems to me
Sergio, it seems to me that this is already
logical, eh I'm not a lawyer or a judge or
anything like that, but it seems to me
that catching the girl that you have
unconscious after she has vomited
all over the house, the girl is with her
eyes half looking you don't know where and
you uncover her and take a picture making
faces and also making faces
to send it to your friends and on top of that
the photos go viral, well it seems to me that it
's a little worse. No, now that you
tell me about Ali, man, that Ali has
been telling you that she is unconscious,
of course I think it's irrelevant.  that we
think if it was finally an
infidelity That is the fact what is
irrelevant is not that it was
infidelity no one has ever denied that it was
infidelity And no one has denied
that the aunt lied to Ricky that that is
what we said from the first day it is more that I have
exclusives where Ricky gets
angry with me because I have an exclusive
commenting that the aunt lied to you dude
that you are saying that this is an abuse
when well remember one thing and
remember one thing when the aunt
when we started to say the others Hey
but what the [ __ ] is this that you are saying
that you are going to report Dallas because he
is calling you I don't know what and the abuser
of your girlfriend You are going to report him and he
jumped buah no and they started to explain
why they were not going to report the abuser but
Dallas yes they have never reported
Dallas either just like he has never had a
restraining order just like
everything they have invented that the
police stations close at 3 and then yes you
can enter Andorra V okay it does not make
sense it does not make sense Okay then
here  Well I'll tell you the same thing of course Yes
man Of course yes your partner comes to you
telling you that she's been abused because they
slept with her As if she
were a rag okay And she doesn't know
Her friends told her days later
Of course that's not the case Sergio it's that that's not
the case it's that Ricky records some
conversations taking his girlfriend's cell phone
while she's sleeping okay let's be
clear he records some conversations where
Lali is trying to meet up with
the guy again what are you telling me and in any
case at some point he says
Well I believed it for half the
world before making the videos I'll
number our truth I'll number you teaser
on Twitter I'll number you video the
next day the two of them on Twitter during the day
justifying Why they were going to report
Dallas and the rapist it's not worth it And then
a series that he recorded it first and when he
had published I don't know how many
episodes he deleted it and recorded it again
just so that the girlfriend wasn't there
all those videos Sergio
recorded Ricky saying that it was abuse
while he didn't think it was
abuse in the thread in the in the long thread that
has already written you are telling you I
was aware from the first moment
that this was voluntary
What are we debating Who
came up with it and Who came up with it first
if Ricky gu to her and what
makes him better well let's say I do
n't know what's worse if it was
his idea because he doesn't want to accept that he's been cheated on
because he has
an ego and wants to act like what is not
okay of Alfa okay or that he really
knows that there is no abuse that
convinces himself of abuse and that he starts
making a series of videos accusing an
innocent guy of being an abuser I mean I don't
know what's worse Ricky put a
lie on his channel when he said that of
course it's not the debate who
made it up if she or he well I think
she what I think eh Because of course
now we will have to see the real conversation they
had that only the
two of them heard me now what
Lali tells me will be nuanced by Lali and what Ricky
says What Ricky tells the
police station is at 3 in the afternoon I already
you'll tell me you understand But
anyway it's a conversation that the
two of them had, only the
two of them have known each other And neither of them is
going to tell us the conversation 100%
true okay what I think what
I think is that when she
grabbed his phone surely what she said
was something like she was drunk she got
away she was very drunk Acha and it got out
of hand I don't know what something like that
okay And little by little little by little it
would escalate to abuse I think he
was a participant in that invention okay whether she
came up with it or he came up with it
He made a series of videos without believing it
lying to people until it went
very far he went very far and he put the
blame on her alone not here the liar
she alone very cowardly very
cowardly I understand I'll tell you the
biases the thing is I feel like attacking
Ricky eddit and I feel like in this case
defending this narrative and such I don't
give a damn Ricky eddit I don't give a damn
dick Lali I have nothing with any of them to
me eh to me it's that I don't care it's
content or rather honestly it's that I don't care I'm
not going on trips with
any of them nor do I have a friendship with
anyone or anything like that that
evidently we already have an
experience jurisprudence not
based on lies man Of course of course
son Of course a restraining order a
complaint that doesn't exist e Well to Lali to
Lali according to Lali She has reported her
saying that there was one that Lali
belonged to a Latin gang that Dallas
couldn't step foot in Andorra that the
restraining order was already in a
much higher instance man Sorry
but it's not a personal problem
that I have with anyone I don't give a damn about any of the
characters on the internet they
're
work tools now well and calm down where
is Serene and where is she Hey I'm going to
put a tweet saying that just in case I
disappear from the internet Of course
I have no intention of disappearing from the
internet man please man
please but value a little
narrative coherence value a little coherence
when it comes to telling these things dude
Because  They've called me everything for
not that it's that coscu thing coscu thing
coscu thing and then now it's like no no no
This was all made up by Ricky edit
What she told him in no case
could it be sexual abuse It's not that
Ricky never believed her that it couldn't be
abuse That's that How to see I'm
sure that Ricky rationally his
brain was telling him something else
but his heart is probably telling him something else
what and I have an eyebrow that what I mean you do
n't want to get into it you don't want to
end up blaming Ricky but yeah I mean it does
n't make sense a kiss senna it doesn't make
sense it doesn't make [ __ ] sense heo I
mean he rationally or rather here I'm already
defending him from what he did in public
No he rationally didn't believe it no but
his heart did believe him Damn but if he
caught conversations where he wanted to meet up
with him again notice that no it doesn't make
sense because Ricky was
like his [ __ ] mother so a
person who is totally in love is worth it
with the other and that the other is
lying to him and cheating on him and all that
no  you can tell him no, it's your fault
that you believed it, okay? And that you have given
credence to his version, man. Of course he has, I
mean, how could he be the culprit
in this situation? Ricky edited that this
lady is making up that she was
unconscious, that she had taken a lot of drugs,
that you have seen the details
and the [ __ ] that she has said to her
friend if she doesn't say anything serious, the
audios last 20 seconds each audio
Sergio doesn't say any details to his
friend, he doesn't say any details to his
friend, the audios are Haha I'm having a good time
another audio is [ __ ] awesome, girl,
you tell Ricky that I was
completely convinced that I
was no longer with him and the other one is Haha Tell him that
I was super drunk, super drugged, do you
understand how a girl who
does those things thinks, you understand how
a girl who says to her
friend thinks Look, you're going to lie and you're going to tell her
that, eh, I went to your house with you and I
was crying and I almost had an
anxiety attack. Give her a kiss. But what the hell? Let's
see what, let's see, they're all wrong, okay?  that it
seems clear that you defend Lali no
eh Lali to protect her friend she
covers her horns because she says
lie to Ricky
lie to Ricky tell him if you have to swear by your family swear by your family okay but tell him that I was because I was no eh drugged And what and what I give especially in what Lali insists in those audios eh in that the friend tells Ricky that
she was convinced that they had
broken up okay because surely what would have
happened is that they had broken up they had
half broken up they would have fought one of those
times that you break up okay And she took it
and said we broke up I'm going to hook up with a
guy and then he would say Well but it's that
we broke up without breaking up something like that would be it
Ricky suffered a lot no Sergio
in love says face rolling with
laughter but
Ricky's versions don't match up let's go I'm going to
tell you from memory but we can Search in
a video for the main page if you want
Mika a kiss Thank you very much Mika I mean
let's see Ricky finds
some conversations on her cell phone where
the guy wants or whatever  where she wants to meet
up with the guy again
she's insisting on meeting up with
the guy again okay she knows perfectly well that he
cheated on her okay and then the guy is the one who
gets in touch with Ricky Edi and
tells him everything and Ricky in that thread that he
published says that from that
moment on he knows perfectly well that no that
everything has been voluntary okay Ricky
blocks her he deletes her
Instagram stories and the photos he has with her
on Instagram so that his public finds
out that he broke up with her no he took
out he released a song I think on Spotify
if I'm not mistaken eh I also remember
something from a song also on Spotify
in those moments no e he fights with and
messes with all of us who think that his
girlfriend is cheating on him okay And then with
his balls when Dalas already releases a
video laughing at him Then when he
runs to take her there to
Andorra And then a tser a tser of
a rape Oh a kiss Sergio
nothing happens I love you too eh
[Music]